Ctor 1045 monitoring connectors add protocol in sidebar titles when missing (#4859)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-sensors-serverscheck-sensorgateway-snmp.md

| Service Alias  | Service Template                                                 | Service Description            |
|:---------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------|:-------------------------------|

> | Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Serverscheck-Sensorgateway-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors of equipment |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Serverscheck-Sensorgateway-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all the sensors of the device |
```

> | Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Serverscheck-Sensorgateway-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors of equipment |

Author: ```suggestion
| Sensors-Global | HW-Sensors-Serverscheck-Sensorgateway-Sensors-Global-SNMP-custom | Check all the sensors of the device |
```
